[Music]
you have no idea what's coming
mr. wit broke the rules
I trust you understand the repercussions
if he survives
John win X community owner is now
you shouldn't be here nice suit
good to see you too I need your help
after this we are less than even
there's no escape for you the high table
wants your life
[Music]
would you help set the move for our new
guest
let us begin our services still
off-limits to me what do you need
guns lots of guns you think you can take
John wick you got a nasty surprise
coming
I've been looking forward to meeting you
for a long time
and so far you haven't disappointed
we could keep this up as long as you'd
like
but this only ends one way
[Music]
all of this for what because of a puppy
wasn't just a puppy
you